docs/data-sources/waf_rules.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: fastly_waf_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-datasource-waf_rules"
description: |-
  Get information on Fastly WAF rules.
---

-> **Note:** This data source is only available from 0.20.0 of the Fastly terraform provider.

# fastly_waf_rules

Use this data source to get the [WAF rules][1] of Fastly. A set of third-party rules from the OWASP Core Ruleset, commercial sources, and open source, in addition to Fastly-generated rules.
They offer protection from injection attacks and cross site scripting amongst other key application-layer attacks.

## Example Usage

Usage with publishers Filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp" {
  publishers = ["owasp"]
}
```

Usage with tags filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "tag" {
  tags = ["language-html", "language-jsp"]
}
```

Usage with exclude filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp_with_exclusions" {
  publishers              = ["owasp"]
  exclude_modsec_rule_ids = [1010090]
}
```

Usage without filters:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "all" {
  # This will retrieve the entire list of rules available from the API at the time.
}
```

Usage with WAF configuration resource:

```terraform
variable "type_status" {
  type    = map(string)
  default = {
    score     = "score"
    threshold = "log"
    strict    = "log"
  }
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "demo" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name    = "example.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "127.0.0.1"
    name    = "origin1"
    port    = 80
  }

  condition {
    name      = "WAF_Prefetch"
    type      = "PREFETCH"
    statement = "req.backend.is_origin"
  }

  # This condition will always be false
  # adding it to the response object created below
  # prevents Fastly from returning a 403 on all of your traffic.
  condition {
    name      = "WAF_always_false"
    statement = "false"
    type      = "REQUEST"
  }

  response_object {
    name              = "WAF_Response"
    status            = "403"
    response          = "Forbidden"
    content_type      = "text/html"
    content           = "<html><body>Forbidden</body></html>"
    request_condition = "WAF_always_false"
  }

  waf {
    prefetch_condition = "WAF_Prefetch"
    response_object    = "WAF_Response"
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp" {
  publishers = ["owasp"]
}

resource "fastly_service_waf_configuration" "waf" {
  waf_id                         = fastly_service_v1.demo.waf[0].waf_id
  http_violation_score_threshold = 100

  dynamic "rule" {
    for_each = data.fastly_waf_rules.owasp.rules
    content {
      modsec_rule_id = rule.value.modsec_rule_id
      revision       = rule.value.latest_revision_number
      status         = lookup(var.type_status, rule.value.type, "log")
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- remove our curated references once https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/issues/28 is resolved -->

## Argument Reference

~> **Warning:** The data source's filters are applied using an **AND** boolean operator, so depending on the combination of filters, they may become mutually exclusive.

* `publishers` - Inclusion filter by WAF rule's publishers.
* `tags` - Inclusion filter by WAF rule's tags.
* `exclude_modsec_rule_ids` - Exclusion filter by WAF rule's ModSecurity ID.

## Attribute Reference

* `rules` - The Web Application Firewall's rules result set.

~> **Warning:** Deprecated rules will not be present on this data source's result set.

The `rules` block supports:

* `modsec_rule_id` - The rule's modsecurity ID.
* `latest_revision_number` - The rule's latest revision.
* `type` - The rule's type.

[1]: https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/waf/rules/

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **exclude_modsec_rule_ids** (List of Number) A list of modsecurity rules IDs to be excluded from the data set.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **publishers** (List of String) A list of publishers to be used as filters for the data set.
- **tags** (List of String) A list of tags to be used as filters for the data set.

### Read-Only

- **rules** (List of Object) The list of rules that results from any given combination of filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- **latest_revision_number** (Number)
- **modsec_rule_id** (Number)
- **type** (String)

Commit message:

Add new `modsec_rule_ids` filter argument in `fastly_waf_rules` data resource (#521)
* Add new `modsec_rule_ids` filter argument in `fastly_waf_rules` data resource

* bump go-fastly to v5.2.0

* generate-docs

* Add test

docs/data-sources/waf_rules.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: fastly_waf_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-datasource-waf_rules"
description: |-
  Get information on Fastly WAF rules.
---

-> **Note:** This data source is only available from 0.20.0 of the Fastly terraform provider.

# fastly_waf_rules

Use this data source to get the [WAF rules][1] of Fastly. A set of third-party rules from the OWASP Core Ruleset, commercial sources, and open source, in addition to Fastly-generated rules.
They offer protection from injection attacks and cross site scripting amongst other key application-layer attacks.

## Example Usage

Usage with publishers Filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp" {
  publishers = ["owasp"]
}
```

Usage with tags filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "tag" {
  tags = ["language-html", "language-jsp"]
}
```

Usage with exclude filter:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp_with_exclusions" {
  publishers              = ["owasp"]
  exclude_modsec_rule_ids = [1010090]
}
```

Usage without filters:

```terraform
data "fastly_waf_rules" "all" {
  # This will retrieve the entire list of rules available from the API at the time.
}
```

Usage with WAF configuration resource:

```terraform
variable "type_status" {
  type    = map(string)
  default = {
    score     = "score"
    threshold = "log"
    strict    = "log"
  }
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "demo" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name    = "example.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "127.0.0.1"
    name    = "origin1"
    port    = 80
  }

  condition {
    name      = "WAF_Prefetch"
    type      = "PREFETCH"
    statement = "req.backend.is_origin"
  }

  # This condition will always be false
  # adding it to the response object created below
  # prevents Fastly from returning a 403 on all of your traffic.
  condition {
    name      = "WAF_always_false"
    statement = "false"
    type      = "REQUEST"
  }

  response_object {
    name              = "WAF_Response"
    status            = "403"
    response          = "Forbidden"
    content_type      = "text/html"
    content           = "<html><body>Forbidden</body></html>"
    request_condition = "WAF_always_false"
  }

  waf {
    prefetch_condition = "WAF_Prefetch"
    response_object    = "WAF_Response"
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

data "fastly_waf_rules" "owasp" {
  publishers = ["owasp"]
}

resource "fastly_service_waf_configuration" "waf" {
  waf_id                         = fastly_service_v1.demo.waf[0].waf_id
  http_violation_score_threshold = 100

  dynamic "rule" {
    for_each = data.fastly_waf_rules.owasp.rules
    content {
      modsec_rule_id = rule.value.modsec_rule_id
      revision       = rule.value.latest_revision_number
      status         = lookup(var.type_status, rule.value.type, "log")
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- remove our curated references once https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/issues/28 is resolved -->

## Argument Reference

~> **Warning:** The data source's filters are applied using an **AND** boolean operator, so depending on the combination of filters, they may become mutually exclusive.

* `publishers` - Inclusion filter by WAF rule's publishers.
* `tags` - Inclusion filter by WAF rule's tags.
* `exclude_modsec_rule_ids` - Exclusion filter by WAF rule's ModSecurity ID.

## Attribute Reference

* `rules` - The Web Application Firewall's rules result set.

~> **Warning:** Deprecated rules will not be present on this data source's result set.

The `rules` block supports:

* `modsec_rule_id` - The rule's modsecurity ID.
* `latest_revision_number` - The rule's latest revision.
* `type` - The rule's type.

[1]: https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/waf/rules/

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **exclude_modsec_rule_ids** (List of Number) A list of modsecurity rules IDs to be excluded from the data set.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **modsec_rule_ids** (List of Number) A list of modsecurity rules IDs to be used as filters for the data set.
- **publishers** (List of String) A list of publishers to be used as filters for the data set.
- **tags** (List of String) A list of tags to be used as filters for the data set.

### Read-Only

- **rules** (List of Object) The list of rules that results from any given combination of filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- **latest_revision_number** (Number)
- **modsec_rule_id** (Number)
- **type** (String)
