CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We're happy to receive feature requests and PRs. If your change is nontrivial,
please open an [issue](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/issues/new) to discuss the
idea and implementation strategy before submitting a PR.

1. Fork the repository.
    1. Please also following the instructions for: [Allowing changes to a pull request branch created from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork)
2. Create an `upstream` remote.
```bash
$ git remote add upstream git@github.com:fastly/terraform-provider-fastly.git
```
3. Create a feature branch.
4. Make changes.
5. Write tests.
6. Validate your change via the steps documented [in the README](./README.md#testing).
7. Open a pull request against `upstream main`.
    1. Once you have marked your PR as `Ready for Review` please do not force push to the branch
8. Add an entry in `CHANGELOG.md` in the `UNRELEASED` section under the appropriate heading with a link to the PR.
9. Celebrate :tada:!

Commit message:

Add a DOCUMENTATION guide.
Adds a new (internal) guide for developers working on the provider to
understand how to build and validate documentation, and how to
document changes or additions to data sources and resources.

Also cleans up some of the content in the CONTRIBUTING guide.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

We're happy to receive feature requests and PRs. If your change is
nontrivial, please open an
[issue](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/issues/new)
to discuss the idea and implementation strategy before submitting a
PR.

1. Fork the repository.

1. Create an `upstream` remote.
```bash
$ git remote add upstream git@github.com:fastly/terraform-provider-fastly.git
```

1. Create a feature branch.

1. Make changes.

1. Write tests.

1. Validate your change via the steps documented [in the
   README](./README.md#testing).

1. Review the [documentation guide](./DOCUMENTATION.md) to ensure that
   you have properly documented your changes.

1. Open a pull request against `upstream main`. Note: once you have
   marked your PR as `Ready for Review` you should avoid 'force
   pushing' to the branch unless a reviewer asks you to do so.

1. Add an entry in `CHANGELOG.md` in the `UNRELEASED` section under
   the appropriate heading with a link to the PR.

1. Celebrate :tada:!
