README.md, before:

# Fastly Terraform Provider

- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- Documentation: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/fastly/fastly/latest/docs
- Mailing list: http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool
- [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby)

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.14 (to build the provider plugin)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly
$ git clone git@github.com:fastly/terraform-provider-fastly
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly
$ make build
```

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.14+ is *required*).

To compile the provider, run `make build`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ make build
...
$ $GOPATH/bin/terraform-provider-fastly
...
```

## Testing

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run. You should expect that the full acceptance test suite will take hours to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

In order to run an individual acceptance test, the '-run' flag can be used together with a regular expression.
The following example uses a regular expression matching single test called 'TestAccFastlyServiceV1_basic'.

```sh
$ make testacc TESTARGS='-run=TestAccFastlyServiceV1_basic'
```

The following example uses a regular expression to execute a grouping of basic acceptance tests.

```sh
$ make testacc TESTARGS='-run=TestAccFastlyServiceV1_.*_basic'
```

In order to run the tests with extra debugging context, prefix the `make` command with `TF_LOG` (see the [terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/internals/debugging.html) for details).

```sh
$ TF_LOG=trace make testacc
```

## Building The Documentation

The documentation is built from components (go templates) stored in the `templates` folder.
Building the documentation copies the full markdown into the `docs` folder, ready for deployment to Hashicorp.

> NOTE: you'll need the [`tfplugindocs`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs) tool for generating the Markdown to be deployed to Hashicorp. For more information on generating documentation, refer to https://www.terraform.io/docs/registry/providers/docs.html

* To validate the `/template` directory structure:
```
make validate-docs
```

* To build the `/docs` documentation Markdown files:
```
make generate-docs
```

* To view the documentation:
Paste `/docs` Markdown file content into https://registry.terraform.io/tools/doc-preview

## Contributing

Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Test speedup (#371)
* Replace Test with ParallelTest

* Splunk and syslog back to serial tests due to TLS CA cert sharing

* Reparallelise most splunk/syslog tests, having identified problem

Some of the tests (not all) set env variables to exercise the
schema.DefaultEnvFunc which means they can't be parallelised (global env
between tests). However, as long as the rest of the tests are run at a
different time, this isn't an issue. Therefore I have left only the
tests using env vars as serial and returned the others to using
ParallelTest.

* Add comments explaining lack of parallel test

* Improve table-driven test comment explaining t.Parallel outside resource.Test

Co-authored-by: Mark McDonnell <Integralist@users.noreply.github.com>

* Configure test parallelism in Makefile

* Document test parallelism in README

* Document the fact that tests may fail due to unavailable features

Co-authored-by: Mark McDonnell <Integralist@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Fastly Terraform Provider

- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- Documentation: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/fastly/fastly/latest/docs
- Mailing list: http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool
- [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby)

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.14 (to build the provider plugin)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly
$ git clone git@github.com:fastly/terraform-provider-fastly
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly
$ make build
```

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.14+ is *required*).

To compile the provider, run `make build`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ make build
...
$ $GOPATH/bin/terraform-provider-fastly
...
```

## Testing

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run. You should expect that the full acceptance test suite will take hours to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

In order to run an individual acceptance test, the '-run' flag can be used together with a regular expression.
The following example uses a regular expression matching single test called 'TestAccFastlyServiceV1_basic'.

```sh
$ make testacc TESTARGS='-run=TestAccFastlyServiceV1_basic'
```

The following example uses a regular expression to execute a grouping of basic acceptance tests.

```sh
$ make testacc TESTARGS='-run=TestAccFastlyServiceV1_.*_basic'
```

In order to run the tests with extra debugging context, prefix the `make` command with `TF_LOG` (see the [terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/internals/debugging.html) for details).

```sh
$ TF_LOG=trace make testacc
```

By default, the tests run with a parallelism of 4.
This can be reduced if some tests are failing due to network-related issues, or increased if possible, to reduce the running time of the tests.
Prefix the `make` command with `TEST_PARALLELISM`, as in the following example, to configure this.

```sh
$ TEST_PARALLELISM=8 make testacc
```

Depending on the Fastly account used, some features may not be enabled (e.g. Platform TLS).
This may result in some tests failing, potentially with `403 Unauthorised` errors, when the full test suite is being run.
Check the [Fastly API documentation](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/) to confirm if the failing tests use features in Limited Availability or only available to certain customers.
If this is the case, either use the `TESTARGS` regular expressions described above, or temporarily add `t.SkipNow()` to the top of any tests that should be excluded. 

## Building The Documentation

The documentation is built from components (go templates) stored in the `templates` folder.
Building the documentation copies the full markdown into the `docs` folder, ready for deployment to Hashicorp.

> NOTE: you'll need the [`tfplugindocs`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs) tool for generating the Markdown to be deployed to Hashicorp. For more information on generating documentation, refer to https://www.terraform.io/docs/registry/providers/docs.html

* To validate the `/template` directory structure:
```
make validate-docs
```

* To build the `/docs` documentation Markdown files:
```
make generate-docs
```

* To view the documentation:
Paste `/docs` Markdown file content into https://registry.terraform.io/tools/doc-preview

## Contributing

Refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
