website/docs/r/service_dictionary_items_v1.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: service_dictionary_items_v1"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-service-v1"
description: |-
  Provides a grouping of fastly dictionary items that can be applied to a service. 
---

# fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1

Provides a grouping of fastly dictionary items that can be applied to a service.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```hcl

variable "mydict_name" {
	type = string
	default = "My Dictionary"
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
      name    = "demo.notexample.com"
      comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
      address = "demo.notexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
      name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
      port    = 80
    }

  dictionary {
	name       = var.mydict_name
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "items" {
    service_id = "${fastly_service_v1.myservice.id}"
    dictionary_id = "${{for s in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : s.name => s.dictionary_id}[var.mydict_name]}"
    items = {
        key1: "value1"
        key2: "value2"
    }
}

```

Complex object usage:

```hcl

variable "mydict" {
  type = object({ name=string, items=map(string) })
  default = {
    name = "My Dictionary"
    items = {
      key1: "value1x"
      key2: "value2x"
    }
  }
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name    = "demo.notexample.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "demo.notexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dictionary {
    name = var.mydict.name
  }

  force_destroy = true
  }

resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "items" {
  service_id = fastly_service_v1.myservice.id
  dictionary_id = {for d in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : d.name => d.dictionary_id}[var.mydict.name]
  items = var.mydict.items
}

```

Expression and functions usage:

```hcl
// Local variables used when formating values for the "My Project Dictionary" example
locals {
  dictionary_name = "My Project Dictionary"
  host_base = "demo.ocnotexample.com"
  host_divisions = ["alpha", "beta", "gamma", "delta"]
}

// Define the standard service that will be used to manage the dictionaries.
resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name = "demo.ocnotexample.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "demo.ocnotexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port = 80
  }

  dictionary {
    name = local.dictionary_name
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

// This resource is dynamically creating the items from the local variables through for expressions and functions.
resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "project" {
  service_id = fastly_service_v1.myservice.id
  dictionary_id = {for d in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : d.name => d.dictionary_id}[local.dictionary_name]
  items = {
    for division in local.host_divisions:
      division => format("%s.%s", division, local.host_base)
  }

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `service_id` - (Required) The ID of the Service that the dictionary belongs to
* `dictionary_id` - (Required) The ID of the dictionary that the items belong to
* `items` - (Optional) A Map representing an entry in the dictionary, (key/value)


## Attributes Reference

[fastly-dictionary]: https://docs.fastly.com/api/config#dictionary
[fastly-dictionary_item]: https://docs.fastly.com/api/config#dictionary_item

Commit message:

Updates documentation to explain using lifecycle ignore_changes with regards to dictionary items.

website/docs/r/service_dictionary_items_v1.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: service_dictionary_items_v1"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-service-v1"
description: |-
  Provides a grouping of fastly dictionary items that can be applied to a service. 
---

# fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1

Provides a grouping of fastly dictionary items that can be applied to a service.
 
This resource will populate a dictionary with the items configured in the items map and it will track their state going forward.
Additional dictionary items can be added through the Fastly API/console.  These externally created items will be ignored by the resource.

The Fastly API/console can also be used to modify the items that are managed through Terraform.  In this case the default behaviour of the 
resource will be to align the local and remoted states.  This would adjust the values in the items or delete them accordingly.  If Terraform is being used to only create items then the lifecyle ignore_changes field can be used with the resource.  An example of this configuraiton is provided below.    

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```hcl

variable "mydict_name" {
	type = string
	default = "My Dictionary"
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
      name    = "demo.notexample.com"
      comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
      address = "demo.notexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
      name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
      port    = 80
    }

  dictionary {
	name       = var.mydict_name
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "items" {
    service_id = "${fastly_service_v1.myservice.id}"
    dictionary_id = "${{for s in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : s.name => s.dictionary_id}[var.mydict_name]}"
    items = {
        key1: "value1"
        key2: "value2"
    }
}

```

Complex object usage:

```hcl

variable "mydict" {
  type = object({ name=string, items=map(string) })
  default = {
    name = "My Dictionary"
    items = {
      key1: "value1x"
      key2: "value2x"
    }
  }
}

resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name    = "demo.notexample.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "demo.notexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dictionary {
    name = var.mydict.name
  }

  force_destroy = true
  }

resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "items" {
  service_id = fastly_service_v1.myservice.id
  dictionary_id = {for d in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : d.name => d.dictionary_id}[var.mydict.name]
  items = var.mydict.items
}

```

Expression and functions usage:

```hcl
// Local variables used when formating values for the "My Project Dictionary" example
locals {
  dictionary_name = "My Project Dictionary"
  host_base = "demo.ocnotexample.com"
  host_divisions = ["alpha", "beta", "gamma", "delta"]
}

// Define the standard service that will be used to manage the dictionaries.
resource "fastly_service_v1" "myservice" {
  name = "demofastly"

  domain {
    name = "demo.ocnotexample.com"
    comment = "demo"
  }

  backend {
    address = "demo.ocnotexample.com.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port = 80
  }

  dictionary {
    name = local.dictionary_name
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

// This resource is dynamically creating the items from the local variables through for expressions and functions.
resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "project" {
  service_id = fastly_service_v1.myservice.id
  dictionary_id = {for d in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : d.name => d.dictionary_id}[local.dictionary_name]
  items = {
    for division in local.host_divisions:
      division => format("%s.%s", division, local.host_base)
  }

}
```

Lifecyle ignore_changes usage:

```hcl
...

resource "fastly_service_dictionary_items_v1" "items" {
    service_id = "${fastly_service_v1.myservice.id}"
    dictionary_id = "${{for s in fastly_service_v1.myservice.dictionary : s.name => s.dictionary_id}[var.mydict_name]}"
    items = {
        key1: "value1"
        key2: "value2"
    }
    
    lifecycle {
      ignore_changes = [items,]
    }
}


```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `service_id` - (Required) The ID of the Service that the dictionary belongs to
* `dictionary_id` - (Required) The ID of the dictionary that the items belong to
* `items` - (Optional) A Map representing an entry in the dictionary, (key/value)


## Attributes Reference

[fastly-dictionary]: https://docs.fastly.com/api/config#dictionary
[fastly-dictionary_item]: https://docs.fastly.com/api/config#dictionary_item
