---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: alert"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-alert"
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Alert. Alerts send notifications to custom integrations (e.g., Slack channels, PagerDuty, Microsoft Teams and New Relic) when an observed metric either exceeds or falls below a threshold.
---

# fastly_alert

Provides a Fastly Alert. Alerts send notifications to custom integrations (e.g., Slack channels, PagerDuty, Microsoft Teams and New Relic) when an observed metric either exceeds or falls below a threshold.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "example" {
  name = "my_vcl_service"
  # ...
}

resource "fastly_alert" "example" {
  name = "my_vcl_service errors"
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.example.id
  source = "stats"
  metric = "status_5xx"

  evaluation_strategy {
    type = "above_threshold"
    period = "5m"
    threshold = 10
  }
}
```

## Import

Fastly Alerts can be imported using their Definition ID, e.g.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_alert.example xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `evaluation_strategy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Evaluation strategy for the Alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--evaluation_strategy))
- `metric` (String) The name of the metric to monitor for Alert evaluation. For detailed information on metrics available for monitoring, see [Fastly Alerts API Documentation](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/observability/alerts/definition/).
- `name` (String) Summary text of the Alert.
- `service_id` (String) ID of the Fastly Service that the Alert monitors.
- `source` (String) The metric source. One of: `stats`, `origins`, `domains`.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Text body included in Alert notifications.
- `dimensions` (Block List, Max: 1) Dimension filters applied to the metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dimensions))
- `integration_ids` (Set of String) Set of IDs of integrations that Alert notifications will be sent to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--evaluation_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluation_strategy`

Required:

- `period` (String) The length of time to evaluate whether the conditions have been met. The data is polled every minute. One of: `5m`, `15m`, `30m`.
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold used to trigger.
- `type` (String) Type of strategy to use to evaluate. One of: `above_threshold`, `below_threshold`.


<a id="nestedblock--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dimensions`

Optional:

- `domains` (Set of String) Names of a subset of domains defined on the service that the Alert monitors.
- `origins` (Set of String) Addresses of a subset of backends defined on the service that the Alert monitors.
