docs/resources/domain_service_link.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: fastly_domain_service_link"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-domain-service-link"
description: |-
  A link between a versionless domain and a service
---

# fastly_domain_service_link

Domain service links are for managing versionless domains for services. The link associates an existing service
with an existing domain, but doesn't create or delete either resource.

If you are managing your versionless domain with a service link, you may not also use a `resource_fastly_domain` block as well.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
import {
    to = fastly_domain_service_link.example
    id = "%s"
}

resource "fastly_domain_service_link" "example" {
    domain_id = "%s"
    service_id = "%s"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) The Domain Identifier of the versionless domain being linked (UUID).
- `service_id` (String) The service_id associated with your domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

docs(domain): add import docs for domain and domain_service_link resources

docs/resources/domain_service_link.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: fastly_domain_service_link"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-domain-service-link"
description: |-
  A link between a versionless domain and a service
---

# fastly_domain_service_link

Domain service links are for managing versionless domains for services. The link associates an existing service
with an existing domain, but doesn't create or delete either resource.

If you are managing your versionless domain with a service link, you may not also use a `resource_fastly_domain` block as well.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
import {
    to = fastly_domain_service_link.example
    id = "%s"
}

resource "fastly_domain_service_link" "example" {
    domain_id = "%s"
    service_id = "%s"
}
```

## Import

Domain service links can be imported using the domain ID, e.g.

```sh
terraform import fastly_domain_service_link.example <domain_id>
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) The Domain Identifier of the versionless domain being linked (UUID).
- `service_id` (String) The service_id associated with your domain

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
