docs/resources/kvstore.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: kvstore"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-kvstore"
description: |-
  Provides a persistent, globally consistent key-value store accessible to Compute@Edge services during request processing.
---

# fastly_kvstore

Provides a persistent, globally consistent key-value store accessible to Compute@Edge services during request processing.

-> **Note** The `kv_store` feature does not support seeding the store with data. This is because the size of objects that can be stored is very large and Terraform is designed for containing [configuration, not data](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/orchestration/terraform/#configuration-not-data). You should use either the [Fastly CLI](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/tools/cli/), [Fastly API](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/) or one of the available [Fastly API Clients](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/#clients) to populate your KV Store.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
# IMPORTANT: Deleting a KV Store requires first deleting its resource_link.
# This requires a two-step `terraform apply` as we can't guarantee deletion order.
# e.g. resource_link deletion within fastly_service_compute might not finish first.
resource "fastly_kvstore" "example" {
  name = "my_kv_store"
}

resource "fastly_service_compute" "example" {
  name = "my_compute_service"

  domain {
    name = "demo.example.com"
  }

  package {
    filename         = "package.tar.gz"
    source_code_hash = data.fastly_package_hash.example.hash
  }

  resource_link {
    name        = "my_resource_link"
    resource_id = fastly_kvstore.example.id
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

data "fastly_package_hash" "example" {
  filename = "package.tar.gz"
}
```

## Import

Fastly KV Stores can be imported using their Store ID, e.g.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_kvstore.example xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique name to identify the KV Store. It is important to note that changing this attribute will delete and recreate the KV Store, and discard the current entries.

### Optional

- `force_destroy` (Boolean) Allow the KV store to be deleted, even if it contains entries. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

feat(config_store): implement config store resource (#705)
* feat(config_store): implement config store resource

* fix(config_store): clean up delete operation and annotations

* docs(config_store): add warning note related to how to modify a config store name

* docs(kv_store): add warning note related to how to modify a kv store name

* feat(configstore): implement resource

* feat(configstore_entries): implement resource and tests

* docs(configstore_entries): generate docs

* docs(configstore_entries): add note about manage_entries

* docs(configstore_entries): add note about not storing large amounts of data

* docs(configstore_entries): make lost of data clearer

* fix(configstore_entries): add correct attribute name to managed entries example

* docs(fastly_service_ratelimiter): fix typo for action attribute

* docs: generate docs

docs/resources/kvstore.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: kvstore"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-kvstore"
description: |-
  Provides a persistent, globally consistent key-value store accessible to Compute@Edge services during request processing.
---

# fastly_kvstore

Provides a persistent, globally consistent key-value store accessible to Compute@Edge services during request processing.

-> **Note** The `kv_store` feature does not support seeding the store with data. This is because the size of objects that can be stored is very large and Terraform is designed for containing [configuration, not data](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/integrations/orchestration/terraform/#configuration-not-data). You should use either the [Fastly CLI](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/tools/cli/), [Fastly API](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/) or one of the available [Fastly API Clients](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/#clients) to populate your KV Store.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
# IMPORTANT: Deleting a KV Store requires first deleting its resource_link.
# This requires a two-step `terraform apply` as we can't guarantee deletion order.
# e.g. resource_link deletion within fastly_service_compute might not finish first.
resource "fastly_kvstore" "example" {
  name = "my_kv_store"
}

resource "fastly_service_compute" "example" {
  name = "my_compute_service"

  domain {
    name = "demo.example.com"
  }

  package {
    filename         = "package.tar.gz"
    source_code_hash = data.fastly_package_hash.example.hash
  }

  resource_link {
    name        = "my_resource_link"
    resource_id = fastly_kvstore.example.id
  }

  force_destroy = true
}

data "fastly_package_hash" "example" {
  filename = "package.tar.gz"
}
```

## Import

Fastly KV Stores can be imported using their Store ID, e.g.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_kvstore.example xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique name to identify the KV Store. It is important to note that changing this attribute will delete and recreate the KV Store, and discard the current entries. You MUST first delete the associated resource_link block from your service before modifying this field.

### Optional

- `force_destroy` (Boolean) Allow the KV Store to be deleted, even if it contains entries. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
