docs/resources/ngwaf_workspace_rule.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: ngwaf_workspace_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-ngwaf-workspace-rule"
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace Rule
---

# ngwaf_workspace_rule

Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace Rule, scoped to a specific NGWAF workspace.  
These rules define conditions and actions that trigger WAF enforcement at the workspace level.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace" "example" {
  name                            = "example"
  description                     = "Test NGWAF Workspace"
  mode                            = "block"
  ip_anonymization                = "hashed"
  client_ip_headers               = ["X-Forwarded-For", "X-Real-IP"]
  default_blocking_response_code = 429

  attack_signal_thresholds {}
}

resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace_rule" "example" {
  workspace_id     = fastly_ngwaf_workspace.example.id
  type             = "request"
  description      = "example"
  enabled          = true
  request_logging  = "sampled"
  group_operator   = "all"

  action {
    type = "block"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "ip"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "127.0.0.1"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "path"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "/login"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "agent_name"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "host-001"
  }

  group_condition {
    group_operator = "all"

    condition {
      field    = "country"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "AD"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "method"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "POST"
    }
  }

  group_condition {
    group_operator = "any"

    condition {
      field    = "protocol_version"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "HTTP/1.0"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "method"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "HEAD"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "domain"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "example.com"
    }
  }
}
```

## Import

Fastly Next-Gen WAF workspace rules can be imported using the format `<workspaceID>/<ruleID>`, e.g.:

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_ngwaf_workspace_rule.demo <workspaceID>/<ruleID>
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Block List, Min: 1) List of actions to perform when the rule matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the rule is currently enabled.
- `type` (String) The type of the rule (`request`, `signal`, or `templated_signal`).
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the Next-Gen WAF workspace this rule belongs to.

### Optional

- `condition` (Block List) Flat list of individual conditions. Each must include `field`, `operator`, and `value`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `group_condition` (Block List) List of grouped conditions with nested logic. Each group must define a `group_operator` and at least one condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_condition))
- `group_operator` (String) Logical operator to apply to group conditions (`any` or `all`).
- `request_logging` (String) Logging behavior for matching requests (`sampled` or `none`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Required:

- `type` (String) The action type, e.g. `block`, `redirect`, `exclude_signal`.

Optional:

- `redirect_url` (String) Redirect target (used when `type = redirect`).
- `response_code` (Number) Response code used with redirect.
- `signal` (String) Signal name to exclude (used when `type = exclude_signal`).


<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field to inspect (e.g., `ip`, `path`).
- `operator` (String) Operator to apply (e.g., `equals`, `contains`).
- `value` (String) The value to test the field against.


<a id="nestedblock--group_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_condition`

Required:

- `condition` (Block List, Min: 1) A list of nested conditions in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_condition--condition))
- `group_operator` (String) Logical operator for the group (`any` or `all`).

<a id="nestedblock--group_condition--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_condition.condition`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field to inspect (e.g., `ip`, `path`).
- `operator` (String) Operator to apply (e.g., `equals`, `contains`).
- `value` (String) The value to test the field against.

Commit message:

feat: adds support for workspace level rate limit rules (#1061)
* feat: adds support for workspace level rate limit rules

docs/resources/ngwaf_workspace_rule.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: ngwaf_workspace_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-ngwaf-workspace-rule"
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace Rule
---

# ngwaf_workspace_rule

Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace Rule, scoped to a specific NGWAF workspace.  
These rules define conditions and actions that trigger WAF enforcement at the workspace level.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace" "example" {
  name                            = "example"
  description                     = "Test NGWAF Workspace"
  mode                            = "block"
  ip_anonymization                = "hashed"
  client_ip_headers               = ["X-Forwarded-For", "X-Real-IP"]
  default_blocking_response_code = 429

  attack_signal_thresholds {}
}

resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace_rule" "example" {
  workspace_id     = fastly_ngwaf_workspace.example.id
  type             = "request"
  description      = "example"
  enabled          = true
  request_logging  = "sampled"
  group_operator   = "all"

  action {
    type = "block"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "ip"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "127.0.0.1"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "path"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "/login"
  }

  condition {
    field    = "agent_name"
    operator = "equals"
    value    = "host-001"
  }

  group_condition {
    group_operator = "all"

    condition {
      field    = "country"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "AD"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "method"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "POST"
    }
  }

  group_condition {
    group_operator = "any"

    condition {
      field    = "protocol_version"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "HTTP/1.0"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "method"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "HEAD"
    }

    condition {
      field    = "domain"
      operator = "equals"
      value    = "example.com"
    }
  }
}
```

## Import

Fastly Next-Gen WAF workspace rules can be imported using the format `<workspaceID>/<ruleID>`, e.g.:

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_ngwaf_workspace_rule.demo <workspaceID>/<ruleID>
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Block List, Min: 1) List of actions to perform when the rule matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the rule is currently enabled.
- `type` (String) The type of the rule (`request`, `signal`, `rate_limit`, or `templated_signal`).
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the Next-Gen WAF workspace this rule belongs to.

### Optional

- `condition` (Block List) Flat list of individual conditions. Each must include `field`, `operator`, and `value`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `group_condition` (Block List) List of grouped conditions with nested logic. Each group must define a `group_operator` and at least one condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_condition))
- `group_operator` (String) Logical operator to apply to group conditions (`any` or `all`).
- `rate_limit` (Block List, Max: 1) Block specifically for rate_limit rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rate_limit))
- `request_logging` (String) Logging behavior for matching requests (`sampled` or `none`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Required:

- `type` (String) The action type, e.g. `block`, `redirect`, `exclude_signal`.

Optional:

- `redirect_url` (String) Redirect target (used when `type = redirect`).
- `response_code` (Number) Response code used with redirect.
- `signal` (String) Signal name to exclude (used when `type = exclude_signal`).


<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field to inspect (e.g., `ip`, `path`).
- `operator` (String) Operator to apply (e.g., `equals`, `contains`).
- `value` (String) The value to test the field against.


<a id="nestedblock--group_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_condition`

Required:

- `condition` (Block List, Min: 1) A list of nested conditions in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_condition--condition))
- `group_operator` (String) Logical operator for the group (`any` or `all`).

<a id="nestedblock--group_condition--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_condition.condition`

Required:

- `field` (String) Field to inspect (e.g., `ip`, `path`).
- `operator` (String) Operator to apply (e.g., `equals`, `contains`).
- `value` (String) The value to test the field against.



<a id="nestedblock--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limit`

Required:

- `client_identifiers` (Block Set, Min: 1) List of client identifiers used for rate limiting. Can only be length 1 or 2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rate_limit--client_identifiers))
- `duration` (Number) Duration in seconds for the rate limit.
- `interval` (Number) Time interval for the rate limit in seconds (60, 600, or 3600 minutes).
- `signal` (String) Reference ID of the custom singal this rule uses.
- `threshold` (Number) Rate limit threshold (between 1 and 10000).

<a id="nestedblock--rate_limit--client_identifiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limit.client_identifiers`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type for the Client Identifier

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key for the Client Identifier
- `name` (String) Name for the Client Identifier
