docs/resources/ngwaf_workspace.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: ngwaf_workspace"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-ngwaf-workspace"
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace
---

# ngwaf_workspace

Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace, representing a container for
rules, signals, and various other resources that are offered by the
Next-Gen WAF product.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace" "demo" {
  name = "demofastly"

  force_destroy = true
}
```

## Import

Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspaces can be imported using their workspace ID, e.g.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_ngwaf_workspace.demo xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) User-submitted description of the workspace
- `mode` (String) User-configured mode of the workspace. Accepted values are [`off`, `block`, `log`]
- `name` (String) User-submitted display name of the workspace

### Optional

- `attack_signal_thresholds` (Block List, Max: 1) Attack threshold parameters for system site alerts. Each threshold value is the number of attack signals per IP address that must be detected during the interval before the related IP address is flagged (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attack_signal_thresholds))
- `client_ip_headers` (List of String) Specifies the request headers containing the client IP address. Maximum of 10 header names
- `default_blocking_response_code` (Number) The status code returned when a request is blocked. This configuration is applied at the workspace but can be overwritten in rules. Accepted values are [`301`, `302`, `400..599`]. Default value `406`
- `ip_anonymization` (String) Agents will anonymize IP addresses according to the option selected. Accepted value is `hashed`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--attack_signal_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attack_signal_thresholds`

Optional:

- `immediate` (Boolean) Ignore thresholds and block immediately when at least one attack signal is detected
- `one_hour` (Number) The one-hour interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000
- `one_minute` (Number) The one-minute interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000
- `ten_minutes` (Number) The ten-minute interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000

Commit message:

refactor(ngwaf/workspaces): add default values to the attack signal threshold fields to allow for an empty block

docs/resources/ngwaf_workspace.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: ngwaf_workspace"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-ngwaf-workspace"
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace
---

# ngwaf_workspace

Provides a Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspace, representing a container for
rules, signals, and various other resources that are offered by the
Next-Gen WAF product.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_ngwaf_workspace" "demo" {
  name = "demofastly"

  force_destroy = true
}
```

## Import

Fastly Next-Gen WAF Workspaces can be imported using their workspace ID, e.g.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_ngwaf_workspace.demo xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) User-submitted description of the workspace
- `mode` (String) User-configured mode of the workspace. Accepted values are [`off`, `block`, `log`]
- `name` (String) User-submitted display name of the workspace

### Optional

- `attack_signal_thresholds` (Block List, Max: 1) Attack threshold parameters for system site alerts. Each threshold value is the number of attack signals per IP address that must be detected during the interval before the related IP address is flagged. If no values are set then the defaults will be applied (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attack_signal_thresholds))
- `client_ip_headers` (List of String) Specifies the request headers containing the client IP address. Maximum of 10 header names
- `default_blocking_response_code` (Number) The status code returned when a request is blocked. This configuration is applied at the workspace but can be overwritten in rules. Accepted values are [`301`, `302`, `400..599`]. Default value `406`
- `ip_anonymization` (String) Agents will anonymize IP addresses according to the option selected. Accepted value is `hashed`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--attack_signal_thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attack_signal_thresholds`

Optional:

- `immediate` (Boolean) Ignore thresholds and block immediately when at least one attack signal is detected
- `one_hour` (Number) The one-hour interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000
- `one_minute` (Number) The one-minute interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000
- `ten_minutes` (Number) The ten-minute interval threshold. Minimum 1 and maximum 10,000
