docs/resources/service_dynamic_snippet_content.md, before:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: service_dynamic_snippet_content"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-service-dynamic-snippet-content"
description: |-
  Provides a means to define blocks of VCL logic that is inserted into your service through Fastly dynamic snippets.
---

# fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content

Defines content that represents blocks of VCL logic that is inserted into your service.  This resource will populate the content of a dynamic snippet and allow it to be manged without the creation of a new service verison. 
 
~> **Warning:** Terraform will take precedence over any changes you make through the API. Such changes are likely to be reversed if you run Terraform again.  

If Terraform is being used to populate the initial content of a dynamic snippet which you intend to manage via the API, then the lifecycle `ignore_changes` field can be used with the resource.  An example of this configuration is provided below.


## Example Usage (Terraform >= 0.12.6)

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  name = "snippet_test"

  domain {
    name    = "snippet.fastlytestdomain.com"
    comment = "snippet test"
  }

  backend {
    address = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  default_host = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  for_each = {
    for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet"
  }
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"

}
```

Multiple dynamic snippets:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  name = "snippet_test"

  domain {
    name    = "snippet.fastlytestdomain.com"
    comment = "snippet test"
  }

  backend {
    address = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet One"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet Two"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  default_host = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content_one" {
  for_each = {
  for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet One"
  }

  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header-one = \"true\";\n}"

}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content_two" {
  for_each = {
  for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet Two"
  }

  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header-two = \"true\";\n}"

}
```


## Example Usage (Terraform >= 0.12.0 && < 0.12.6)

`for_each` attributes were not available in Terraform before 0.12.6, however, users can still use `for` expressions to achieve
similar behaviour as seen in the example below.

~> **Warning:** Terraform might not properly calculate implicit dependencies on computed attributes when using `for` expressions

For scenarios such as adding a Dynamic Snippet to a service and at the same time, creating the Dynamic Snippets (`fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content`)
resource, Terraform will not calculate implicit dependencies correctly on `for` expressions. This will result in index lookup
problems and the execution will fail.

For those scenarios, it's recommended to split the changes into two distinct steps:

1. Add the `dynamicsnippet` block to the `fastly_service_vcl` and apply the changes
2. Add the `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content` resource with the `for` expressions to the HCL and apply the changes

Usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  #...
  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }
  #...
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = {for s in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : s.name => s.snippet_id}["My Dynamic Snippet"]

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"

}
```

### Supporting API dynamic snippet updates with ignore_changes

The following example demonstrates how the lifecycle `ignore_changes` field can be used to suppress updates against the 
content in a dynamic snippet.  If, after your first deploy, the Fastly API is to be used to manage items in a dynamic snippet, then this will stop Terraform realigning the remote state with the initial content defined in your HCL.

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  #...
  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }
  #...
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = {for s in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : s.name => s.snippet_id}["My Dynamic Snippet"]

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"

}
```

## Attributes Reference

* [fastly-vcl](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/vcl-services/vcl/)
* [fastly-vcl-snippets](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/vcl-services/snippet/)

## Import

This is an example of the import command being applied to the resource named `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content`
The resource ID is a combined value of the `service_id` and `snippet_id` separated by a forward slash.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

If Terraform is already managing remote content against a resource being imported then the user will be asked to remove it from the existing Terraform state.
The following is an example of the Terraform state command to remove the resource named `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content` from the Terraform state file.

```sh
$ terraform state rm fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **content** (String) The VCL code that specifies exactly what the snippet does
- **service_id** (String) The ID of the service that the dynamic snippet belongs to
- **snippet_id** (String) The ID of the dynamic snippet that the content belong to

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

Add missing docs and attributes in versionless resources (#537)
* add the 'manage_snippets' attribute into 'fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content'
update 'fastly_service_dictionary_items'

* delete a typo in manage_snippets

* domestic change: format hcl in the test

* Remove 'ignore_changes' from the docs and examples

Co-authored-by: Hieu Doan <hiieu@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/resources/service_dynamic_snippet_content.md, after:

---
layout: "fastly"
page_title: "Fastly: service_dynamic_snippet_content"
sidebar_current: "docs-fastly-resource-service-dynamic-snippet-content"
description: |-
  Provides a means to define blocks of VCL logic that is inserted into your service through Fastly dynamic snippets.
---

# fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content

Defines content that represents blocks of VCL logic that is inserted into your service.  This resource will populate the content of a dynamic snippet and allow it to be manged without the creation of a new service verison. 
 
~> **Warning:** Terraform will take precedence over any changes you make through the API. Such changes are likely to be reversed if you run Terraform again.  

~> **Note:** By default the Terraform provider allows you to externally manage the snippets via API or UI.
If you wish to apply your changes in the HCL, then you should explicitly set the `manage_snipptes` attribute. An example of this configuration is provided below.


## Example Usage (Terraform >= 0.12.6)

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  name = "snippet_test"

  domain {
    name    = "snippet.fastlytestdomain.com"
    comment = "snippet test"
  }

  backend {
    address = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  default_host = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  for_each = {
    for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet"
  }
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"

}
```

Multiple dynamic snippets:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  name = "snippet_test"

  domain {
    name    = "snippet.fastlytestdomain.com"
    comment = "snippet test"
  }

  backend {
    address = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
    name    = "AWS S3 hosting"
    port    = 80
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet One"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet Two"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }

  default_host = "tftesting.tftesting.net.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com"

  force_destroy = true
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content_one" {
  for_each = {
  for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet One"
  }

  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header-one = \"true\";\n}"

}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content_two" {
  for_each = {
  for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet Two"
  }

  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = each.value.snippet_id

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header-two = \"true\";\n}"

}
```


## Example Usage (Terraform >= 0.12.0 && < 0.12.6)

`for_each` attributes were not available in Terraform before 0.12.6, however, users can still use `for` expressions to achieve
similar behaviour as seen in the example below.

~> **Warning:** Terraform might not properly calculate implicit dependencies on computed attributes when using `for` expressions

For scenarios such as adding a Dynamic Snippet to a service and at the same time, creating the Dynamic Snippets (`fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content`)
resource, Terraform will not calculate implicit dependencies correctly on `for` expressions. This will result in index lookup
problems and the execution will fail.

For those scenarios, it's recommended to split the changes into two distinct steps:

1. Add the `dynamicsnippet` block to the `fastly_service_vcl` and apply the changes
2. Add the `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content` resource with the `for` expressions to the HCL and apply the changes

Usage:

```terraform
resource "fastly_service_vcl" "myservice" {
  #...
  dynamicsnippet {
    name     = "My Dynamic Snippet"
    type     = "recv"
    priority = 110
  }
  #...
}

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  service_id = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id = {for s in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : s.name => s.snippet_id}["My Dynamic Snippet"]

  content = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"

}
```

### Reapplying original snippets with `manage_snippets` if the state of the snippets drifts

By default the user is opted out from reapplying the original changes if the snippets are managed externally.
The following example demonstrates how the `manage_snippets` field can be used to reapply the changes defined in the HCL if the state of the snippets drifts.
When the value is explicitly set to 'true', Terraform will keep the original changes and discard any other changes made under this resource outside of Terraform.

~> **Warning:** You will lose externally managed snippets if `manage_snippets=true`.

~> **Note:** The `ignore_changes` built-in meta-argument takes precedence over `manage_snippets` regardless of its value.

```terraform
#...

resource "fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content" "my_dyn_content" {
  for_each = {
    for d in fastly_service_vcl.myservice.dynamicsnippet : d.name => d if d.name == "My Dynamic Snippet"
  }
  service_id       = fastly_service_vcl.myservice.id
  snippet_id       = each.value.snippet_id
  manage_snippets = true
  content          = "if ( req.url ) {\n set req.http.my-snippet-test-header = \"true\";\n}"
}
```

## Attributes Reference

* [fastly-vcl](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/vcl-services/vcl/)
* [fastly-vcl-snippets](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/vcl-services/snippet/)

## Import

This is an example of the import command being applied to the resource named `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content`
The resource ID is a combined value of the `service_id` and `snippet_id` separated by a forward slash.

```sh
$ terraform import fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

If Terraform is already managing remote content against a resource being imported then the user will be asked to remove it from the existing Terraform state.
The following is an example of the Terraform state command to remove the resource named `fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content` from the Terraform state file.

```sh
$ terraform state rm fastly_service_dynamic_snippet_content.content
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **content** (String) The VCL code that specifies exactly what the snippet does
- **service_id** (String) The ID of the service that the dynamic snippet belongs to
- **snippet_id** (String) The ID of the dynamic snippet that the content belong to

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **manage_snippets** (Boolean) Whether to reapply changes if the state of the snippets drifts, i.e. if snippets are managed externally
