---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fastly_service_logging_newrelicotlp Resource - fastly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fastly service New Relic OTLP logging endpoint resource. Writes directly to the specified writable service version.
---

# fastly_service_logging_newrelicotlp (Resource)

Fastly service New Relic OTLP logging endpoint resource. Writes directly to the specified writable service version.



## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for the real-time logging configuration. Must be unique within the service.
- `service_id` (String) Fastly service ID.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The Insert API key from the Account page of your New Relic account.
- `version` (Number) Writable Fastly service version to modify.

### Optional

- `format` (String) A Fastly [log format string](https://www.fastly.com/documentation/guides/integrations/streaming-logs/custom-log-formats/). Must produce valid JSON that New Relic can ingest.
- `format_version` (Number) The version of the custom logging format used for the configured endpoint. The logging call gets placed by default in vcl_log if format_version is set to `2` and in `vcl_deliver` if `format_version` is set to `1`.
- `placement` (String) Where in the generated VCL the logging call should be placed. If not set, endpoints with format_version of 2 are placed in vcl_log and those with format_version of 1 are placed in vcl_deliver. Valid value is `none`.
- `processing_region` (String) Region where logs will be processed before streaming to the destination. Valid values are `none`, `us` and `eu`.
- `region` (String) The region that log data will be sent to. Default: `US`.
- `response_condition` (String) The name of an existing condition in the configured endpoint, or leave blank to always execute.
- `url` (String) The optional New Relic Trace Observer URL to stream logs to for Infinite Tracing.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform resource identifier.
