docs/resources/tls_mutual_authentication.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fastly_tls_mutual_authentication Resource - terraform-provider-fastly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# fastly_tls_mutual_authentication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cert_bundle` (String) One or more certificates. Enter each individual certificate blob on a new line. Must be PEM-formatted.

### Optional

- `enforced` (Boolean) Determines whether Mutual TLS will fail closed (enforced) or fail open. A true value will require a successful Mutual TLS handshake for the connection to continue and will fail closed if unsuccessful. A false value will fail open and allow the connection to proceed.
- `include` (String) Comma-separated list of related objects to include (e.g. `tls_activations` will provide you with the TLS domain names that are related to your Mutual TLS authentication).
- `name` (String) A custom name for your mutual authentication. If name is not supplied we will auto-generate one.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date and time in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tls_activations` (List of String) List of alphanumeric strings identifying TLS activations.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time in ISO 8601 format.

Commit message:

docs(mutual_authentication): update enforced attribute description to state default value

docs/resources/tls_mutual_authentication.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fastly_tls_mutual_authentication Resource - terraform-provider-fastly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# fastly_tls_mutual_authentication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cert_bundle` (String) One or more certificates. Enter each individual certificate blob on a new line. Must be PEM-formatted.

### Optional

- `enforced` (Boolean) Determines whether Mutual TLS will fail closed (enforced) or fail open. A true value will require a successful Mutual TLS handshake for the connection to continue and will fail closed if unsuccessful. A false value will fail open and allow the connection to proceed (if this attribute is not set we default to `false`).
- `include` (String) Comma-separated list of related objects to include (e.g. `tls_activations` will provide you with the TLS domain names that are related to your Mutual TLS authentication).
- `name` (String) A custom name for your mutual authentication. If name is not supplied we will auto-generate one.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date and time in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tls_activations` (List of String) List of alphanumeric strings identifying TLS activations.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time in ISO 8601 format.
